FEAT: Adding Skip Criteria and Sending Prompts Cookbook (#668)
Azure/PyRIT: doc/index.md

Welcome to the Python Risk Identification Tool for generative AI (PyRIT)! PyRIT is designed to be a flexible and extensible tool that can be used to assess the security and safety issues of generative AI systems in a variety of ways.

Before starting with AI Red Teaming, we recommend reading the following article from Microsoft:
["Planning red teaming for large language models (LLMs) and their applications"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/red-teaming).

> LLMs introduce many categories of risk, which can be difficult to mitigate even with a red teaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generative AI systems introduce many categories of risk, which can be difficult to mitigate even with a red teaming
```
